Previously on 90210...
Apparently someone has a text
of you, like a naked text.
Talk to your friend Naomi.
She's got a copy
of the picture, too.
You and me, we're done.
I made a mistake.
It doesn't mean
that it's over.
Whatever, man, she's been
lying to me all summer.
Now I'm free-- new
year, new Dixon.
Why did you return
to Beverly Hills?
Maybe you were so
busy sleeping around
that you can't remember
who you did
or didn't sleep with.
I'm a journalist.
Journalists don't pull punches.
Yeah, well, they also
don't attack someone
just because that person used
to date their girlfriend.
Please don't send out
that picture.
It's going to ruin my life.
Naomi, what are you doing?
I'm sending out that text.
I know you think
she's evil, but...
I don't think.
I know.
Trust me, this...
Why?
Clearly you're on her side.
Nice rack.
(gasps)
Hey.
(tires screeching)
TEDDY:
I found this homeless guy.
He'd been mowed over
by a hit-and-run driver.
No reason-- you walked up
and clocked a guy for no reason.
That's not good enough.
I guess I was just
having a bad day.
And this is how
you deal with it?
How do you think this reflects
on me, on our family?
(chuckles) You're worried
about what I'm doing
to our family's reputation?
Really?
What about Annie?
Annie is not hitting people.
Okay... fine.
You want to know why I did it?
Yes.
I hit that guy because he took
a topless picture of Annie
and sent it
to everybody in the school.
You should get to lunch.
Can I go to lunch?
Yeah, yeah, go.
Yeah.
Go.
(sighs, groans)
♪ ♪
Hey.
Hey, um, so I found some
of your things at my place.
Oh, cool, thanks.
Yeah, just some
random stuff--
a few DVDs--
oh, and, like
three of your socks.
I have no idea how I ended
up with three of your socks,
but well, now
they're back
safe and sound
with their owner.
That's a relief, I'm sure,
for the sock community.
(laughs)
Hell's Hospital.
(laughing):
Do you remember that?
Yeah, at that horror festival
in Pasadena, yeah.
You know,
you can keep it.
I'm probably not gonna
watch it again.
No way, it's yours.
No, honestly, it's cool.
Honestly, I hate
horror movies.
Oh, that's funny, 'cause
we saw plenty of them.
Yeah, 'cause you picked
every movie we went to.
I had to pick every movie.
Otherwise, we'd
end up watching
that sappy sports
crap that you love.
(scoffs)
Well, lucky for you,
that never happened.
I mean, we always just did
what you wanted to do.
Every movie,
every concert,
every meal-- all you.
Oh, is that right?
Yeah, that's right.
What are you saying?
I'm saying I was never
really myself around you.
Well, then it's a good
thing we broke up.
Oh!
Oh, I am so sorry.
Ah, I'm sorry.
Oh, no, I'm an idiot,
I'm an idiot.
Hey, as long as my iced
coffee didn't spill.
I need this stuff to
get through French.
(laughs)
Hey, I know you.
I know you--
I-I know you from somewhere.
It's not
that big a school, so...
No, it's not
from school.
It's from
someplace specific.
Man, it is right on
the tip of my brain.
No, I've got one
of those faces, you know,
so...
Do you ever play
in any tennis tournaments?
(chuckling):
No.
OBNOXIOUS SENIOR:
Annie!
How about another picture?
(guffaws)
Ah, right, that was...
Yeah, I'm that girl.
Mm, I guess
that's how I recognize you.
I guess so.
Well, that awkward silence
was your cue.
You don't have
to walk with me.
I think we're going
to the same place.
You know, this whole...
photo thing...
don't sweat it.
By tomorrow, people will be
on to the next thing.
(chuckles)
What are you staring at?
This is your fault.
Me?
I didn't write that.
Yeah, well,
you might as well have.
He's such a jackass.
Okay, I'm nice enough to
bring all of his stuff back
and he spits on me.
Oh, my God, Dixon spat on you?
Metaphorically.
Easy does it.
You're the one spitting.
I am not.
Yes, you are.
My hamachi negi maki
is soaked.
Such a jackass.
Mmm, still good, though.
How could you do this to me?
Okay, sorry.
(chuckles)
I don't know
what you're talking about.
But then again,
I don't speak skank.
Maybe I could find
an interpreter.
You sent out that
"sext," Naomi.
After I personally came to you
and begged you not to.
I begged you.
Why don't you save
the little scene
for your acting reel, Meryl?
I never saw the photo
before today.
Girls, come on.
Silver...
(typing)
(stops typing)
Got your text.
What, you got a new rule
about who I can
and can't talk to
in the lunchroom?
No, I just need your input.
I'm trying to edit
this piece.
Um, I don't...
Just tell me what you think.
Okay?
(chuckles)
Okay.
So... when was the last time
you made such an ass
out of yourself?
Last spring--
maybe in chemistry--
when I asked my teacher
for extra assignments over the
summer to "keep things fresh."
It's true.
That's fairly standard
high school ass-kissing.
This gaffe is much worse,
isn't it?
I guess it is.
No, there's no guessing.
You were a jealous imbecile.
A raging lunatic, a pathetic...
Easy,
you don't have to attack me.
Excuse me, but I'm a journalist
and journalists
don't pull punches.
You must be paranoid.
So tell us, Mr. Shirazi,
'cause the whole world
would like to know--
why-- why you couldn't
control yourself.
Because of her.
Okay?
Because of Adrianna.
Because she's,
like, so far out of my league
that I feel like I'm dreaming.
She's with me?
Seriously?
I defy you to look into those
eyes and not lose your mind.
Go on... I dare you.
Whoa.
Dude.
(whispers):
I see what you mean.
(chuckles)
(laughs)
It's true.
(both laugh gently)
(bell rings)
Need any help?
I come bearing
paper towels.
There are some real
jerks in this place.
I'll say.
Look, I know Naomi
is acting nuts around you,
but it's only because she's
still crazy about Liam.
So get over it.
I don't think she can.
She's one of the
strongest people I know,
and Liam can just send her
off the deep end.
I guess everybody has
their weakness.
Why are you telling me this?
Because I'm sick of
this whole thing.
I want to be your
friend and I want
to be her friend, too.
No, y-you can't have it
both ways.
She didn't send the sext.
Of course she sent it.
She said she'd never seen
that picture before today.
Yeah, because she's lying,
Silver.
Don't you get it?
She wants to screw me over.
I'm innocent here
and she's a bitch,
and I-I'm going to prove it.
I am going to expose her
for who she really is.
So your nut-job brother
just sucker-punched me;
almost broke my jaw.
So I'm gonna take that
as a little sign
that you and I probably
shouldn't be hanging out.
Yeah, well, you're the one
who did this.
You took the picture.
Okay? You have
to help me.
Please?
All right,
but it's going to cost you.
What about her shoving her box
in my face, huh?
Sorry, what?
Silver and her
box of socks.
"Here! Take this! Now!"
That doesn't strike
you as hostile?
Dude, maybe she just wants
to give you your crap back.
(laughs)
No. No, no, no.
All right,
you're missing the point.
Okay, tha-tha-that
stupid movie,
the Ramones CDs,
the goofy calligraphy set that
she wanted us to do together--
all her.
Oh, yo, I'll take
the calligraphy set.
I mean,
if you're throwing it away.
I was so whipped.
So whipped.
But you know what?
The past is the past.
My next woman-- she's gonna be
all about the D-man.
(chuckles)
I'm going to find me
a female Dixon.
Okay, I'm picturing the start
of a very bad Tyler Perry flick.
(laughs)
Hey, guys.
What up, T?
Teddy.
So there's going
to be this party
on my dad's yacht this Saturday.
The weather should be nice, so--
I know, late notice and all,
but, uh...
What do you say?
Well, actually,
Navid and I-- we have plans.
Well, we'll reschedule.
Uh, no-- party sounds
awesome, dude.
Thanks
for the invite, man.
DIXON:
Cool, man.
Navid.
Yeah.
I thought you hated
that guy.
Yeah, not a fan.
I thought he was
a sleazeball.
Huge sleazeball.
I mean, that story about him
nailing those girls at Exeter?
He's a pig.
So we're going to his party
on Saturday because...?
Because Adrianna likes him
and I love Adrianna.
And if I act all jealous
in front of her,
then it's only going to
drive her away.
It's Psych 101, dude.
I need to reassure her
by being super-tight with Teddy.
Ergo: Operation Overcompensate.
Watch and learn.
Yeah, um, okay.
Look, I'm breezing
before your, uh,
geek squad shows up.
Oh, damn, dude,
the Blaze meeting.
I spaced on time.
I didn't even order the pizzas.
I was too busy listening
to you gripe about Silver.
I'm not gonna get the pizzas.
Totally understand, dude.
Guess I'll find someone else
who wants to drive the Lambo.
Hey, uh, let me have
three pizzas.
Uh, two pepperoni
and one with anchovies.
WOMAN:
Safe! Safe!
He missed the tag!
Yes!
Oh, yes!
(chuckles)
Baseball fan, huh?
Oh, I go through some
serious withdrawal in October.
Oh, tell me about it.
After that last
Yankee game of the season
I walk around in a daze.
Yankees?
Mm-hmm.
$200 million
payroll and you still
can't catch Boston?
Oh, please don't
tell me you're
a Red Sox fan.
Oh, hell, no.
I grew up a mile
from Camden Yards.
Baltimore? Oh...
Geez, girl, please,
come out from the cellar
and get some air.
12 straight
losing seasons?
We're young, okay?
And we're building.
We're young, look at, look at,
uh, Jones, 24, Reimold, 25.
I mean, your starting
pitching's still a mess.
Yeah.
But we have talent coming up
within the system, okay?
Oh, wait, wait, who's this
talking about minor league ball?
Oh, yeah, it's the girl
with no post-season contender
in the bigs--
No, no, it's okay, though.
It's okay, you know,
I'm focused on October.
(laughing)
I'm Dixon, by the way.
Hi, Dixon, I'm Sasha.
Nice to meet you.
Being intimate with someone
is a big deal, Annie.
Did you...
I mean, you didn't, did you?
No, I did not do it with him,
if that's what you're asking.
Okay, but you
did do something.
And I'll tell you
something Annie,
this world isn't
always fair to women.
If you're sexually active with a
guy that you don't care about,
it's not going to
hurt his reputation,
it's going to hurt yours.
(clears throat)
This is real, Annie.
This is your life
we're talking about.
Look, don't take your
bitterness out on me
just 'cause you've had like
no sexual experience.
Annie, that's enough.
HARRY:
You're grounded.
Fine.
Harry...
No, I am sick of this.
This is stopping today.
Why do you always
swoop in and save me
when I'm dealing with the kids?
I don't need to be saved.
No, I'm not gonna let her
talk to you like that.
Harry, you always do this.
You know what you always do?
You always try to be
their friend.
Sometimes they don't need a
friend, they need a parent.
Dude, where did you go
for pizza, Big Sur?
Listen, listen, I'm telling you,
I just met my dream girl, okay?
She's like the female Dixon.
That is never
going to sound sexy.
She go to West Bev?
No, no, no, um, Archer?
Crossroads, maybe.
Uh, I don't know
but look, I gotta go.
I gotta go,
I gotta go, bye, bye.
(ringtone playing)
Ugh, one second.
What?
Okay, all right,
I heard you the third time.
Extra cheese.
Bye.
Nice ringtone.
Thank you, thank you.
(ringtone playing)
Likewise.
(both laughing)
Hey.
Yeah.
Where's the gig?
They, they the same people who
hired me for the HBO party?
And I'm the only DJ?
Okay, yeah, yeah, cool.
I'll be there.
All right, bye.
Wow!
So you DJ?
I do.
That's pretty cool, seriously.
You know, I've always
wanted to try it myself.
So how long
you been at it?
Uh, let's see.
I started spinning in college,
then I had my first paying gig
the summer after I graduated.
And full time since then.
(nervous chuckle)
Wow.
(chuckling)
(laughing)
So, when am I going
to see you again?
Uh... how about
this weekend?
I got a gig on Saturday.
But Sunday's open.
Okay, Sunday it is.
Okay, cool.
Let me give you my digits.
All right.
(giggling)
One second, let me just, uh...
Thanks.
(car alarm chirps)
Nice ride.
Um, it gets me
where I need to go.
So, Sunday.
Sunday.
(giggling)
Okay.
Don't forget! Sunday.
(laughing)
Hotter than Beyonce, huh?
Most definitely.
What about Megan Fox?
Whew.
Sasha blows her away.
Golshifteh Farahani?
Oh, come on, dude--
Santori, Divar?
Bab'Aziz, remember?
Dudes, you just need to see
some more Iranian movies.
So, seriously guys,
uh, I need to take her somewhere
that'll really impress her.
The Grove's nice.
No!
All right, dude.
Sasha's a grown woman.
She's gonna want something
a little more sophisticated.
Then what's she doing with you?
Ooh-hoo!
Oh-ho! Wow!
Was that a joke?
Yeah, that was,
I think that was a joke.
You're in high school.
Yeah? And?
And she doesn't know
you're in high school.
Yeah. Okay.
Okay.
You ever just consider
telling her the truth?
You know, maybe if you
level with her...
Whoa, whoa, whoa.
Hey, hey, hey, hey.
Easy there, Nature Boy.
All right?
This isn't one of your
campfire honesty sessions.
This is the real world.
I'm going to be
straight with her,
but when the time's right.
But until then,
can I just bask
in my present glory, please?
Go ahead. Bask away.
I got to go.
(sighs)
All I did was defend her.
Turns out that's a bad thing.
I-I don't know.
Well, I'm sure that that you
and Debbie will figure it out.
Yeah, yeah.
Anyway, I grounded Annie.
Hmm.
"Hmm"?
You think that I can't detect
nonverbal disapproval?
I have two teens
at home.
Was it Annie's fault
that some jerk
snapped her picture?
Well, I think it
was her bad judgment
that put her in that situation,
so shouldn't there
be consequences?
I mean, I know
punishment's a dirty word
these days, but...
Every kid in
the school
has seen that text.
Maybe she's been
punished enough.
(sighs)
I'm... I'm not sure.
I'm not sure
of anything these days.
Don't be so hard on
yourself, Harry.
All I can say is,
I am glad there were no
camera phone things
when I was here...
'cause...
You were pretty crazy, huh?
I, uh... I pretty
much foreshadowed
the whole Girls
Gone Wild craze.
Oh.
♪ Red light love ♪
♪ Makes my heart stop ♪
♪ Drives me so crazy ♪
♪ I can't even walk ♪
♪ I got a red light love ♪
♪ Hoping every day ♪
♪ He don't green light go... ♪
Could probably solve
the state budget crisis
with what this
stupid yacht costs.
(laughing):
I know!
And to think I
was actually impressed
by Usher's speedboat
last summer.
Oh, my God.
Has she no shame?
You know, I don't think
this is such a good idea.
Would you relax?
It's going to be painless, okay?
And don't forget
about our agreement.
I think I might be adding
to our little contract.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
♪ Nobody knows ♪
♪ How I used to be ♪
♪ But I remember... ♪
Ade.
Hi.
Welcome aboard.
Guys.
How's it going, homeboy?
Ah.
So glad you
could make it.
Yeah, yeah.
What's up, bud? Amazing.
What's up, buddy?
Hey, buddy.
Dude, there's no
place I'd rather be.
(clears throat)
You probably have
a lot of people
to see, so I think we're just
going to
go walk...
Hey, not so fast.
Don't you want the tour?
We want... we want
to see everything, bro.
Don't leave out
a single seat cushion.
(Naomi laughing
in distance)
(Naomi sighing)
(indistinct conversation)
Oh, I've already got...
(pop music playing)
DIXON:
Yo, this is a nightmare.
First time Sasha sees me,
she thinks I'm Jay-Z.
Now she sees
me again,
and I'm at a high school party
with an angry ex-girlfriend.
What am I going to do?
How good of a swimmer are you?
(chuckling):
Right.
LIAM:
Look, Dix.
You want to go through
with this, we got your back.
We'll play into your story.
Yeah, we'll say we're
old high school buddies.
Wait. What about Silver?
Obviously,
we have to kill Silver.
Dude, that was...
that was a joke.
I'm playing.
All we have to do
is just make sure
Silver does not meet Sasha.
All right?
That's no problem.
Piece of cake.
All right, I can do this.
TEDDY:
You can do this.
I can do this.
(sighs)
♪ ♪
Dixon?!
Sasha? Uh, wow.
What are you... what...
what are you doing here?
I'm working the party.
What...?
Are you friends
with...?
Y-Yeah, the,
the Montgomerys.
Ah...
Yeah, yeah.
♪ ♪
So, uh, you know, uh,
while you're on the job,
is there any rules against
you mixing with the guests?
None that I can remember.
(laughs)
Okay.
♪ ♪
You said you always wanted
to try DJ-ing, right?
Yeah, yeah, you know,
I thought it would be
a nice way to,
to, you know,
uh, chill, to relax.
To relax?
Mm-hmm.
When you're not...?
I'm sorry, huh?
What do you do
for a living?
(chuckling):
Oh...
Oh.
(clears throat)
You know, I'm...
I'm in the music business.
I'm, I'm an exec.
(laughing):
Huh.
Well, Mr. Big Exec,
you want to be my
assistant for a few?
Try matching some beats?
Yeah, sure.
Yeah?
Definitely.
All right, go easy now.
Adjust the pitch
control of both tables.
Uh-huh.
Uh-huh, and get a feel for
moving the cross fader.
♪ ♪
Uh-huh, that's it.
Not bad at all.
(both laugh)
♪ ♪
Ah, I love the feeling
of being on the ocean.
It totally turns me on.
Ew, Naomi.
Suddenly I feel seasick.
Hi, Silver.
Tell her.
Naomi texted herself the photo
from my phone.
She practically grabbed it
out of my hand.
Shut up, you goon.
Later.
Naomi, you said you'd never seen
the picture before.
Oh, because she'd never be
untruthful, now, would she?
Did you do this?
Okay, listen,
I had every right to.
She slept with my guy and sh...
Whatever--
okay, look,
I told you that I was going
to prove this to you,
so see, I'm a good person
and she's a lying sociopath.
Just wanted to set
the record straight.
I can't even deal with you two.
Silver, wait.
Silver.
You think you won
this little battle?
Guess what, honey?
You just started a war.
She's on
Spence Montgomery's yacht?
Well, she was all,
"Wow, big movie star party.
Please."
I-I get it.
What happened to the whole
"kids need a parent" argument?
What happened to consequences?
Well, I was talking
with Kelly at school,
and I came around.
You and Kelly discussed this?
Yeah.
She's smart about
these things.
I don't know,
maybe it's 'cause she's
a guidance counselor
and she deals with
these kids 24/7,
but she thought maybe Annie
had been punished enough.
(scoffs)
Unbelievable.
What?
You can't hear it from me,
but Kelly says
the exact same thing
and it comes through
loud and clear.
You know,
I-I can't stand this.
I can't live this way;
it's not fair.
Whoa, what is going on?
Take it easy.
Don't tell me
to take it easy.
If you just had the guts to tell
Naomi who you slept with,
none of this
would be happening.
Look, I told you I can't
do anything about that.
Yeah, you can.
I can't do this
anymore.
I'm ending this today.
Okay, I'm not about to fight
some war that I can't win.
It's easy.
We just go to Naomi together,
tell her the truth.
We're innocent.
We didn't have sex.
She needs
to know that.
You owe me this.
♪ ♪
Great party.
Uh-huh.
(both laugh)
♪ ♪
(laughs)
What's wrong?
Some chick with
short black hair
keeps giving me
the stink eye.
♪ ♪
(clears throat)
Uh, okay, look, uh,
here's the deal.
That, that girl-- she's my ex.
I didn't know she was going
to be here today
or anything,
you know, but...
we're cool, it's cool.
You going to introduce me
to her?
We're not that cool, no,
but, um...
(both laugh)
You know, she didn't take
the breakup that well,
so, you know,
it'd be best if you just...
keep your distance,
you know.
Oh.
Yeah.
(both chuckle)
♪ ♪
Naomi.
Ugh, what do
you two want?
We need to tell you the truth
about that night, Naomi.
Prom night.
We totally slept together.
But it wasn't
the first time,
we've actually been
What?
having sex the whole time
that you guys were
together, which is just
not right, okay?
What are you doing?
No, Liam, we promised that
we'd get all of this out.
All right, you can't
go back on me now.
Naomi, she's lying to you.
No, no!
And the worst part
that I feel so,
so bad about is
after we'd have sex,
we'd actually just kind of
lie there making
fun of you for hours.
(laughing)
It's kind of funny though.
I mean, everyone you love
ends up loving me more.
First Ethan, then Liam.
Who's gonna be next?
♪ ♪
You done good, bro.
Oh, my goodness, man.
I am pinching myself.
Oh, man, I wish this boat
would settle down, man.
SASHA:
All right, guys,
we're gonna take
a little break now so y'all
can check out the sunset.
Dixon!
LIAM:
Hey, Dixon!
Everything okay?
Yeah, yeah,
yeah, definitely.
Actually, um,
I gotta go handle something
really fast.
Okay.
Uh, so I'll be right back.
But this is Navid.
Oh, hi.
Hi, Navid.
Nice to meet you, Sasha.
Nice to meet you, yeah.
Navid is my assistant.
Oh!
Yeah.
Anything you need,
he'll be glad to help.
Right?
(whispering): Just keep her
away from Silver.
Uh, yeah, you got it, boss.
Thanks, man.
See you in a minute.
Can I get you a beverage,
bottled water or something?
Liam, what the
hell is going on?
I could kill her,
I swear to God.
She totally blindsided me!
Hold on, wait, wait, wait.
Who are you talking about?
Who blindsided you?
Your psycho sister.
I can't take it.
So, what's he really like
as a boss?
You know, off the record.
Um...
He's, a, uh, the nicest guy
you could ever work for.
Are you okay?
Do you...
Hoo, whoa, buddy, you are
looking a little green.
This could go real bad
real fast, okay?
Yeah, I know, come on.
The stern is where you
want to be right now.
Club soda, please.
So, are you here with Dixon?
Yes, well, no.
(laughing)
Which one?
I didn't come with him.
But I met him before.
Oh, yeah?
Yeah.
How long ago?
Just the other night.
Thanks.
He seems like a great guy.
Yeah, he does seem like that.
I'm Sasha.
Silver.
Are you in the music
business like Dixon?
Um, (laughing) no.
No, I'm not.
Oh.
Look, just pick a point
on the horizon
and take deep breaths.
Look, I'm fine.
Besides, I don't think
there's an audience here
to cheer you on
for playing nurse,
so you can get back
to the party.
You don't like me, do you?
This is not a junior
high girl question.
I'm serious.
What are you
talking about, man?
Come on, all the eye rolls,
the sarcasm--
what's your problem?
Okay for real, dude,
you strike me as
kind of a sleaze.
Why, 'cause I like the ladies?
Well, yeah, partly and because
you use terms like "the ladies."
It's your whole
persona, man.
It's like that story
you told in the interview--
about the two
freshman girls at Exeter.
"Oh, uh, I never kiss and tell."
"Oh, that's all so amusing,
my friend."
Okay, off the record?
It wasn't me.
I didn't even know
those girls to say hi to.
Yeah, I don't follow you.
The girls at Exeter.
They were with
my idiot roommate.
But you got kicked out.
He was a scholarship kid.
He really loved the school.
Wait, so you're saying that you
took the fall for your roommate?
I wanted to come home anyway.
But in the Blaze interview,
why didn't you clear your name?
Because he'd still get booted
if anyone found out.
Wow.
Forget about it.
You're a good guy.
I cannot believe
you lived through that.
I know.
My God!
Amazing!
It was hilarious.
(both laughing)
So, you ladies have met?
Yeah, yep.
Yeah.
I was just telling Silver
how cool it was to meet a guy
I had so much in common with.
Yeah, I mean, you
both love baseball,
you're both
in the music business.
Yeah, well, I'm not as
successful as Dixon is.
But, I mean,
a Lamborghini?
Come on, get out of town.
Oh, man, I didn't know
you were driving a Lambo.
(chuckles nervously)
Uh, well, I-I-I...
SILVER:
What did you do, did you
turn in the Maserati?
Better mileage.
I'm gonna let you guys
have some alone time.
Nice to meet you.
Oh. Nice meeting you.
And, um, I'm so glad
that you finally found someone
you can really be yourself with.
Poor Navid.
I can't believe he's seasick.
Relax. He's fine now.
(laughs)
Oh, man, I wish my dad
could have seen you today.
He's still not showing up
to his own parties?
(laughs)
Paramount practically
had to kidnap him
to make sure he showed up
to accept his first Oscar.
Hmm. I believe it.
Yeah.
Still know your way
around the boat, huh?
Uh, I guess so.
Hmm.
God... do you remember
your first time here?
Um... sort of.
You had just finished wrapping
that indie film in New York.
And you'd just lost that
really big tennis tournament,
and you were sort of down,
remember?
Hmm. Mm.
I think the clinical term for
it is suicidal, but, yeah.
Suicidal, yes.
And then you cheered
me up with a promise.
Remember what you said?
I'm going to see you play
at Wimbledon someday?
Uh, yep.
(laughs)
That's it.
I remember.
Yeah.
We were hungry, and we
both ended up down here,
and... and before we knew
what was happening, we...
had our very first...
Um...
Uh...
Uh, yeah, I should, um,
go give this to my boyfriend.
Yeah.
Mmm. Wow.
That was some party.
Yeah, it was okay.
No, and Teddy's awesome.
For real, Ade.
A real stand-up guy.
And I-I think we're
gonna be great friends.
That's so cool.
Yeah.
(laughter)
Of all the pizza joints
in all the towns
in all the world,
you just had to walk into mine.
Oh, my God,
Casablanca...
Is the best...
Oh, movie ever.
Yeah.
(laughs)
But you know what?
What?
I was there first.
Yeah, you walked
into my pizza joint.
Okay, okay, well, uh,
we'll always have pizza.
(laughs)
(sniffs, sighs)
Look, if you want me
to leave, I...
Stay. I don't care.
Okay. Guess you hate me, too.
God knows everybody else does.
I don't hate you.
I mean,
sending that text was nasty.
The way you treat
Annie is... psycho.
And watching me defend you
when you knew that
you were lying really sucks.
Wait. This is your way of saying
you don't hate me?
You're a piece
of work, Nay.
When I saw how Annie
attacked you on the boat...
...it was so cruel.
All of a sudden,
I couldn't really blame you.
Thanks.
Maybe Annie's right.
Everyone I loved did wind up
loving her more.
I don't know
if I'll ever find anyone.
Are you kidding me?
You're Naomi Clark.
You rule West Bev.
Snap your fingers, and you
can have anyone you want.
There's no one more confident,
more popular.
Confident?
No, no, that's you.
You're the one
who doesn't
give a crap
what the crowd thinks.
You're the true original.
Yeah, that's why
I do things like...
I went
to have it removed yesterday.
I found out
it takes seven sessions
and eight months.
It still hurts?
Yeah. More than I realized.
'Cause it takes a long time
to make someone fade away.
(sighs)
Is it true he's here
with some older chick?
Sasha.
Who thinks that
he's a music exec
with a $200,000 car.
And I just...
(crying):
played along.
It's pathetic, huh?
I thought I was over him,
but here I am.
Are you crazy?
Can't you see how much progress
you made today?
You could have totally
busted him back there.
The chick gave you a loaded gun.
I mean, me-- I would have
at least grazed him.
(laughs)
You're amazing.
I could have broken his arms.
See what I mean?
You're practically
Mrs. Gael Garcia Bernal.
Okay, now, that has
a nice ring to it.
See? You'll be over him
in no time.
You're doing great.
So are you, you know.
(typing)
Well, I'm gonna turn in.
Good night.
Night, hon.
(sighs)
You know what
we should do?
We should throw
Teddy a party.
It could be a "welcome
back to SoCal."
We could do it
at my place.
Maybe.
Yeah?
Mm-hmm.
DIXON:
Hey, guys.
Um...
(clears throat)
Navid?
Yes?
I kind of sort of
need to borrow the car.
You know, you're kind of
a douche to work for.
I know. I owe you.
Okay.
Thanks, man.
(sighs)
Hey.
So...
So...?
Well,
you owe me,
right?
A deal's a deal.
All right.
Uh, give me
just a sec, okay?
Mm.
I'll meet
you outside.
(keys rattling)
(lock clicks)
(panting)
(loud clattering)
Can I see how she feels?
Um... why not?
(Sasha laughing)
(engine starting)
All right, so, look,
with no traffic,
this puppy could get us
to Beverly Hills in about
seven minutes.
Oh, yeah.
Too bad we're not going
to Beverly Hills.
Wait, but that's where I live.
It's still
the weekend.
And wasn't our date
supposed to be tomorrow?
Well, yeah, but...
Yeah, well, it's
starting early then.
(seatbelt clicks)
You might want
to click that.
'Cause we're going to Napa.